1. Talk about the goals for this association and what the priorities should be.
2. Talk about the various projects mentioned in the previous [Syndicate Charter](https://github.com/LowellObservatory/TheSyndicate/blob/master/SyndicateCharter.md).
3. Talk about standards for code, libraries, documentation, unit tests, etc. and gather this information into a central location, perhaps on GitHub.
4. Talk about the development environment that will be used and how to install it on users computers. Anaconda/Miniconda.
5. Discuss GitHub and how it can be used to manage software projects.
   - Everyone who will participate will need to get a (free) GitHub account.
   - All will be added to the LowellObservatory organization account on GitHub.
   - We’ll all need to learn about the structure of repositories on GitHub.
   - Various aspects of GitHub will need to be understood, checkout, branches, commit, pull request, merge, etc.
   - GitHub has various project management features including Issues, automatic documentation, running unit tests after commits, etc.
   - We will construct a test/toy project on a subject to be determined so all participants can use this project to learn from.
6. We can talk a little about the “GitHub Learning Lab” (https://lab.github.com) as a way to learn more about GitHub.
7. Besides developing software, another goal of the group might include gathering existing information from Confluence, JIRA, and other places into an organized, cohesive set of documentation.
8. We should schedule a few hands-on sessions with, perhaps, hopefully, Michael, Ryan, and Myself helping participants get up to speed with GitHub and Anaconda if they need it.
9. In case our software is shared and/or outside folks contribute to it, we should discuss what sort of license
we should use (Apache, BSD, GNU, MIT, Mozilla, etc.).
